
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.005990                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  5989671000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                 5989671000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  20860                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    36679                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                9102645                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 679064                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   658.01                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    13725981                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      24135137                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrl.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5989671000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::cpu.inst           168320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::cpu.data           338304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              506624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       168320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         168320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::writebacks        36544                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            36544                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::cpu.inst              2630                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::cpu.data              5286                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 7916                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::writebacks            571                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 571                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::cpu.inst            28101710                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::cpu.data            56481232                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               84582943                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst       28101710                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          28101710                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::writebacks          6101170                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               6101170                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::writebacks          6101170                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::cpu.inst           28101710                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::cpu.data           56481232                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              90684113                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         7916                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         571                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       7916                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       571                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  504768                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1856                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    34816                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   506624                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 36544                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      29                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                747                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 80                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 35                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 44                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 50                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     5989565000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   7916                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   571                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     5713                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                     1511                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                      512                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                      136                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                       13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1518                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     354.192358                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    206.340647                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    352.752716                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           520     34.26%     34.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          333     21.94%     56.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          134      8.83%     65.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          101      6.65%     71.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           68      4.48%     76.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           41      2.70%     78.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           60      3.95%     82.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           44      2.90%     85.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          217     14.30%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1518                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           33                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      237.848485                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     122.102355                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     618.988546                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127             19     57.58%     57.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            9     27.27%     84.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            4     12.12%     96.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3711            1      3.03%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             33                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           33                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.484848                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.463440                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.870388                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                25     75.76%     75.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 8     24.24%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             33                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     166621250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                314502500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    39435000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      21126.06                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 39876.06                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         84.27                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          5.81                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      84.58                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       6.10                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.70                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.66                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.17                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.14                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      6476                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      425                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  82.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 74.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      705734.06                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     81.59                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl_0.actEnergy                   6304620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.preEnergy                   3328215                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.readEnergy                 30794820                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.writeEnergy                  991800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.refreshEnergy          200987280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actBackEnergy              90788460                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.preBackEnergy              10529760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actPowerDownEnergy        536380830                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.prePowerDownEnergy        248771040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.selfRefreshEnergy         983473560                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalEnergy              2112373905                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.averagePower             352.669438                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalIdleTime            5763028000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      19486000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::REF       85452000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    3938982250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    647821000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT      121593250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   1176336500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.actEnergy                   4619580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.preEnergy                   2432595                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.readEnergy                 25518360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.writeEnergy                 1847880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.refreshEnergy          113093760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actBackEnergy             108824970                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.preBackEnergy               5275200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actPowerDownEnergy        323815860                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.prePowerDownEnergy         95639520                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.selfRefreshEnergy        1163863140                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalEnergy              1845021795                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.averagePower             308.033913                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalIdleTime            5737037750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE       9047500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::REF       48026000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::SREF    4777890500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    249053500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT      195517500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN    710136000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5989671000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                 3291923                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted           3291923                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect            162981                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups              2474017                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                       0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct              0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                   24175                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect               2566                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups         2474017                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits            2219770                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses           254247                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted        25893                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5989671000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     4644405                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     2025910                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                          3572                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1034                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5989671000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5989671000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2984038                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           313                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    56                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON      5989671000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                         11979343                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles            3191310                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                       20488224                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                     3291923                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches            2243945                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                       8430190                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                  327926                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  587                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          1163                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles           22                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          522                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                   2983885                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 44240                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples           11787757                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              3.104564                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             3.431431                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                  5668570     48.09%     48.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                   208445      1.77%     49.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                   700956      5.95%     55.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                   327359      2.78%     58.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                   468110      3.97%     62.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                   507090      4.30%     66.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                   579021      4.91%     71.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                   504250      4.28%     76.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                  2823956     23.96%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total             11787757                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.274800                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        1.710296                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                  2444581                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles               4203881                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                   3715994                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles               1259338                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                 163963                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts               34578592                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                 163963                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                  2885458                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                 1694768                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles           3064                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                   4489530                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles               2550974                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts               33788788                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                  4431                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents                1824514                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.LQFullEvents                 234583                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu.rename.SQFullEvents                 294925                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands            43694724                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups              90649670                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups         53897473                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups             86669                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps              31661483                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                 12033241                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                160                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts            131                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                   5582186                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads              5470379                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores             2535230                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads           2034351                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores          1261055                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                   32324287                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                 652                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                  28470207                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             71159                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         8189801                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     15308163                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            596                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      11787757                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         2.415235                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        2.098848                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0             3093551     26.24%     26.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             1457002     12.36%     38.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             1963620     16.66%     55.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             1994352     16.92%     72.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             1101109      9.34%     81.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              963301      8.17%     89.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              764415      6.48%     96.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              307778      2.61%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              142629      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total        11787757                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  223247     85.65%     85.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%     85.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     85.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   337      0.13%     85.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     85.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     85.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     85.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     85.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     85.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     85.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     85.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     85.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     85.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     85.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     85.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     85.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     85.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     85.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     85.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     85.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     85.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     85.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     85.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     85.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     85.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     85.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     85.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     85.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     85.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     85.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     85.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  29606     11.36%     97.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  6663      2.56%     99.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead               561      0.22%     99.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              239      0.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             64119      0.23%      0.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              21342465     74.96%     75.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               168459      0.59%     75.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 79891      0.28%     76.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd               24889      0.09%     76.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     76.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     76.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     76.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     76.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     76.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                  0      0.00%     76.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     76.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     76.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     76.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     76.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     76.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     76.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     76.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     76.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     76.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     76.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     76.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     76.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     76.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     76.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     76.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     76.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     76.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     76.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     76.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     76.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              4733562     16.63%     92.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             2037396      7.16%     99.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           10122      0.04%     99.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           9304      0.03%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total               28470207                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           2.376608                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      260653                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.009155                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           68958768                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          40455157                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     27899107                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              101215                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes              60794                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        48955                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses               28615616                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                   51125                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           873221                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1457357                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          914                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1316                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       644219                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           32                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           863                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                 163963                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                 1042840                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 63679                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            32324939                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             15030                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               5470379                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              2535230                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                293                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   3471                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 59435                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           1316                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          89805                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       104557                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts               194362                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts              28146346                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               4643954                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            323861                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                      6667980                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                  2227741                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                    2024026                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     2.349573                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                       28039282                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                      27948062                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                  22210261                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                  37464891                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       2.333021                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.592829                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts         8190351                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              56                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts            163046                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     10670674                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.261819                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.570957                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      3167159     29.68%     29.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2998338     28.10%     57.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       893510      8.37%     66.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       891620      8.36%     74.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       872181      8.17%     82.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       329196      3.09%     85.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       140539      1.32%     87.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       328067      3.07%     90.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1050064      9.84%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     10670674                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts             13725981                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps               24135137                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                        5904033                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                       4013022                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                           0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                    1979630                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.vec_insts                         0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                      45944                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                  24064739                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls                15188                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        41188      0.17%      0.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         17919737     74.25%     74.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          168001      0.70%     75.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            79634      0.33%     75.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          22544      0.09%     75.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     75.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     75.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     75.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     75.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc             0      0.00%     75.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     75.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     75.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     75.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     75.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     75.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     75.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     75.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     75.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     75.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         4004406     16.59%     92.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        1881765      7.80%     99.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         8616      0.04%     99.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite         9246      0.04%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total          24135137                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events               1050064                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                     41946098                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                    65771481                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                            2474                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                          191586                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                    13725981                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                      24135137                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               0.872749                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         0.872749                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               1.145804                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         1.145804                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                 42959008                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                24025754                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                     76878                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                    38416                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads                  17352825                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes                 12084300                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads                11590331                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5989671000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             14094                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1015.136030                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs             5627216                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             15118                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            372.219606                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            176500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1015.136030                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.991344                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.991344                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          377                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          377                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          189                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          11334690                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         11334690                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5989671000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data      3738054                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         3738054                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      1889161                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        1889161                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data       5627215                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total          5627215                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data      5627215                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total         5627215                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data        28845                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         28845                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data         3726                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3726                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data        32571                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          32571                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data        32571                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         32571                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1091712500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1091712500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    272507500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    272507500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   1364220000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1364220000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   1364220000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1364220000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data      3766899                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3766899                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      1892887                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1892887                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      5659786                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5659786                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      5659786                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5659786                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.007657                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007657                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001968                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001968                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005755                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005755                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005755                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005755                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 37847.547235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37847.547235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 73136.741814                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73136.741814                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 41884.498480                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 41884.498480                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 41884.498480                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 41884.498480                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        18459                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          360                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               362                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              11                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    50.991713                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    32.727273                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        11545                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             11545                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data        17443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        17443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data        17452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        17452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data        17452                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        17452                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        11402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         3717                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3717                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        15119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        15119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        15119                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        15119                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    309698000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    309698000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    267736000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    267736000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    577434000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    577434000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    577434000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    577434000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.003027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001964                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001964                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002671                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002671                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002671                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002671                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 27161.726013                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27161.726013                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 72030.131827                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72030.131827                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 38192.605331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38192.605331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 38192.605331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38192.605331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5989671000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              6163                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           255.571038                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             2975886                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              6419                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            463.605858                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   255.571038                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.998324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          161                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses           5974177                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses          5974177                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5989671000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst      2975886                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         2975886                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst       2975886                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          2975886                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst      2975886                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         2975886                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         7993                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          7993                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         7993                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           7993                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         7993                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          7993                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    355027491                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    355027491                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    355027491                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    355027491                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    355027491                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    355027491                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst      2983879                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2983879                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst      2983879                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      2983879                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst      2983879                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      2983879                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002679                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002679                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002679                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002679                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002679                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002679                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 44417.301514                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44417.301514                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 44417.301514                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 44417.301514                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 44417.301514                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 44417.301514                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         3651                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                91                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    40.120879                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks            3                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total                 3                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         1573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         1573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         1573                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1573                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         6420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         6420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         6420                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6420                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    274913491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    274913491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    274913491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    274913491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    274913491                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    274913491                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002152                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002152                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002152                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002152                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 42821.416044                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42821.416044                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 42821.416044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42821.416044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 42821.416044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42821.416044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          41796                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        20258                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          134                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              290                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          290                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5989671000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp               17821                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         12119                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             11999                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                 1                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               3716                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              3716                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          17822                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        19000                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        44332                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count::total                   63332                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       410880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1706432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size::total                  2117312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.snoops                              3863                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus.snoopTraffic                       36672                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::samples              25400                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::mean              0.016693                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev             0.128121                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::0                    24976     98.33%     98.33% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      424      1.67%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::2                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value                1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::total                25400                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy             32446000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.occupancy             9635486                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.occupancy            22679496                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5989671000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.replacements                 3861                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse             4013.346777                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  33472                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                 7957                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 4.206611                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                71500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    23.831158                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   948.304316                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  3041.211303                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.005818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.231520                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.742483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.979821                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          193                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          460                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3442                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               341237                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              341237                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5989671000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        11548                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        11548                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data           815                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total              815                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.inst         3785                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data         9016                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        12801                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst             3785                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data             9831                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               13616                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            3785                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data            9831                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              13616                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data         2901                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total           2901                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.inst         2633                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data         2386                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         5019                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst           2633                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data           5287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              7920                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          2633                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data          5287                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             7920                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    253537500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    253537500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    225354000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    197564000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    422918000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    225354000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    451101500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    676455500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    225354000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data    451101500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    676455500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        11548                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        11548                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         3716                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total         3716                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.inst         6418                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data        11402                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        17820                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst         6418                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data        15118                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           21536                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst         6418                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data        15118                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          21536                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.780678                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.780678                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.410252                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.209262                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.281650                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.410252                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.349716                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.367756                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.410252                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.349716                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.367756                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 87396.587384                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87396.587384                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 85588.302317                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 82801.341157                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84263.399083                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 85588.302317                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 85322.772839                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85411.047980                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 85588.302317                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 85322.772839                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85411.047980                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks             571                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                  571                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::total              4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::total             4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks          227                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total          227                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         2901                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         2901                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2630                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         2385                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         5015                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data         5286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2630                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         5286                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7916                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    224527500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    224527500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    198795500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    173646000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    372441500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    198795500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    398173500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    596969000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    198795500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    398173500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    596969000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.780678                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.780678                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.409785                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.209174                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.281425                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.409785                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.349649                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.367571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.409785                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.349649                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.367571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 77396.587384                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77396.587384                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75587.642586                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 72807.547170                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74265.503490                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75587.642586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 75326.049943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75412.961091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75587.642586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 75326.049943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75412.961091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         11714                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         3798                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5989671000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               5015                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          571                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             3227                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2901                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2901                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          5015                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        19630                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::total        19630                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  19630                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       543168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::total       543168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  543168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              7916                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    7916    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                7916                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             6999000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy           21512500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
