
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.006594                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  6594269000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                 6594269000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  17657                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    31047                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                8482812                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 678044                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   777.37                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    13725981                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      24135137                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrl.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6594269000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::cpu.inst           174336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::cpu.data           338112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              512448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       174336                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         174336                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::writebacks        37120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            37120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::cpu.inst              2724                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::cpu.data              5283                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 8007                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::writebacks            580                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 580                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::cpu.inst            26437502                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::cpu.data            51273613                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               77711116                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst       26437502                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          26437502                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::writebacks          5629130                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               5629130                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::writebacks          5629130                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::cpu.inst           26437502                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::cpu.data           51273613                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              83340246                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         8007                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         580                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       8007                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       580                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  510912                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1536                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    35200                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   512448                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 37120                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      24                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               655                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 78                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 37                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 57                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     6594163000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   8007                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   580                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     5837                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                     1491                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                      520                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                      119                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                       14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1555                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     349.756913                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    203.905586                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    348.237157                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           550     35.37%     35.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          318     20.45%     55.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          146      9.39%     65.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          109      7.01%     72.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           63      4.05%     76.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           53      3.41%     79.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           56      3.60%     83.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           54      3.47%     86.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          206     13.25%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1555                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           33                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      240.484848                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     124.914533                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     615.712551                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127             20     60.61%     60.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            8     24.24%     84.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            4     12.12%     96.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3711            1      3.03%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             33                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           33                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.666667                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.640671                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.957427                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                22     66.67%     66.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                11     33.33%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             33                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     169705250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                319386500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    39915000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      21258.33                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 40008.33                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         77.48                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          5.34                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      77.71                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       5.63                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.65                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.61                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.07                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.10                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      6535                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      429                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  81.86                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 73.97                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      767923.95                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     81.33                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl_0.actEnergy                   6468840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.preEnergy                   3411705                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.readEnergy                 31194660                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.writeEnergy                  981360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.refreshEnergy          233563200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actBackEnergy             104559660                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.preBackEnergy              12669120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actPowerDownEnergy        594535650                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.prePowerDownEnergy        298176000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.selfRefreshEnergy        1067894340                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalEnergy              2353493445                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.averagePower             356.899824                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalIdleTime            6331791000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      24052000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::REF       99346000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    4251583750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    776489500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT      138966750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   1303831000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.actEnergy                   4733820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.preEnergy                   2489520                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.readEnergy                 25803960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.writeEnergy                 1889640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.refreshEnergy          112479120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actBackEnergy              97697430                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.preBackEnergy               4997280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actPowerDownEnergy        345601830                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.prePowerDownEnergy         93317280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.selfRefreshEnergy        1303325520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalEnergy              1992413640                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.averagePower             302.143216                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalIdleTime            6366801250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE       8291500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::REF       47760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::SREF    5365922000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    243014500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT      171374000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN    757907000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6594269000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                 3865608                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted           3865608                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect            278477                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups              2537030                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                       0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct              0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                   40359                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect               5854                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups         2537030                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits            1929694                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses           607336                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted       124430                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6594269000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     5074743                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     2124371                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                         16668                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          2285                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6594269000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6594269000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3181385                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          1278                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    56                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON      6594269000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                         13188539                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles            3485851                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                       23790150                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                     3865608                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches            1970053                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                       9221273                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                  560298                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  552                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          6508                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles           14                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          505                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                   3180258                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 68190                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples           12994852                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              3.277783                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             3.520813                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                  6106248     46.99%     46.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                   251866      1.94%     48.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                   693688      5.34%     54.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                   336895      2.59%     56.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                   434930      3.35%     60.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                   516894      3.98%     64.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                   550220      4.23%     68.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                   514017      3.96%     72.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                  3590094     27.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total             12994852                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.293104                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        1.803850                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                  2653496                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles               4463781                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                   4310126                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles               1287300                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                 280149                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts               39798289                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                 280149                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                  3159980                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                 2062307                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles           3099                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                   5045493                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles               2443824                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts               38371270                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                  5847                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents                1777434                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.LQFullEvents                 215765                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu.rename.SQFullEvents                 277296                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands            48670256                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups             101946317                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups         61019518                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups            103350                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps              31661483                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                 17008773                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                175                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts            143                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                   5315581                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads              6140727                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores             2789145                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads           2008778                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores          1210108                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                   35572760                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                1298                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                  30579739                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             93568                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        11438920                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     20240919                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           1242                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      12994852                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         2.353219                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        2.178540                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0             3887978     29.92%     29.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             1529852     11.77%     41.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             2002549     15.41%     57.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             1929710     14.85%     71.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             1158402      8.91%     80.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             1066288      8.21%     89.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              850351      6.54%     95.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              369271      2.84%     98.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              200451      1.54%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total        12994852                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  226428     78.07%     78.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%     78.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     78.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   363      0.13%     78.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     78.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     78.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     78.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     78.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     78.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     78.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     78.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     78.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     78.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     78.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     78.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     78.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     78.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     78.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     78.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     78.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     78.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     78.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     78.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     78.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     78.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     78.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     78.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     78.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     78.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     78.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  54542     18.80%     97.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  7678      2.65%     99.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead               737      0.25%     99.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              295      0.10%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            136273      0.45%      0.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              22747375     74.39%     74.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               168213      0.55%     75.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 79858      0.26%     75.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd               26641      0.09%     75.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     75.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     75.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     75.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     75.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     75.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                  0      0.00%     75.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     75.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     75.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     75.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     75.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     75.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     75.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     75.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     75.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     75.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     75.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     75.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     75.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     75.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     75.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     75.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     75.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     75.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     75.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     75.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     75.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              5237560     17.13%     92.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             2161922      7.07%     99.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           12464      0.04%     99.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           9433      0.03%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total               30579739                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           2.318660                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      290043                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.009485                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           74427680                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          46934269                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     29551890                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              110261                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes              80286                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        51694                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses               30677861                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                   55648                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           852953                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2127705                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          904                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1874                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       898134                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           76                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           745                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                 280149                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                 1449217                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 63937                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            35574058                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             19517                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               6140727                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              2789145                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                512                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   5268                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 58207                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           1874                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          73149                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       280799                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts               353948                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts              29975373                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               5074104                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            604366                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                      7196573                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                  2344136                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                    2122469                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     2.272835                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                       29782666                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                      29603584                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                  23368915                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                  39158175                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       2.244645                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.596783                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts        11439671                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              56                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts            278971                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     11344338                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.127505                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.538923                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      3783483     33.35%     33.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3039660     26.79%     60.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       927224      8.17%     68.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       881219      7.77%     76.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       869147      7.66%     83.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       337372      2.97%     86.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       147363      1.30%     88.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       321214      2.83%     90.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1037656      9.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     11344338                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts             13725981                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps               24135137                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                        5904033                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                       4013022                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                           0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                    1979630                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.vec_insts                         0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                      45944                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                  24064739                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls                15188                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        41188      0.17%      0.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         17919737     74.25%     74.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          168001      0.70%     75.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            79634      0.33%     75.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          22544      0.09%     75.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     75.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     75.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     75.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     75.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc             0      0.00%     75.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     75.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     75.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     75.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     75.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     75.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     75.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     75.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     75.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     75.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         4004406     16.59%     92.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        1881765      7.80%     99.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         8616      0.04%     99.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite         9246      0.04%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total          24135137                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events               1037656                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                     45881490                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                    72816500                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                            2785                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                          193687                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                    13725981                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                      24135137                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               0.960845                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         0.960845                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               1.040751                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         1.040751                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                 45164579                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                25470915                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                     80795                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                    41139                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads                  17762088                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes                 12389277                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads                12486125                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6594269000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             14128                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1015.666988                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs             6064599                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             15152                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            400.250726                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            176500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1015.666988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.991862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.991862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          359                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          227                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          356                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          12209868                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         12209868                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6594269000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data      4175412                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         4175412                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      1889187                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        1889187                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data       6064599                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total          6064599                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data      6064599                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total         6064599                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data        29059                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         29059                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data         3700                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3700                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data        32759                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          32759                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data        32759                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         32759                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1084272500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1084272500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    276589000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    276589000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   1360861500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1360861500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   1360861500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1360861500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data      4204471                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4204471                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      1892887                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1892887                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      6097358                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total      6097358                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      6097358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total      6097358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.006911                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006911                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001955                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001955                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005373                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005373                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005373                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005373                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 37312.794659                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37312.794659                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 74753.783784                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74753.783784                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 41541.606887                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 41541.606887                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 41541.606887                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 41541.606887                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        15138                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           42                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               333                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    45.459459                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           21                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        11546                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             11546                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data        17600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        17600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data        17607                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        17607                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data        17607                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        17607                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        11459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         3693                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3693                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        15152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        15152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        15152                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        15152                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    303501000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    303501000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    272478500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    272478500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    575979500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    575979500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    575979500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    575979500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002725                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002725                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001951                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001951                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002485                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002485                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002485                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002485                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 26485.819007                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26485.819007                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 73782.426212                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73782.426212                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 38013.430570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38013.430570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 38013.430570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38013.430570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6594269000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              7448                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           255.604756                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             3170285                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              7704                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            411.511552                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   255.604756                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.998456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          171                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           85                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses           6368216                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses          6368216                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6594269000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst      3170285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         3170285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst       3170285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          3170285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst      3170285                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         3170285                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         9971                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          9971                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         9971                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           9971                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         9971                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          9971                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    398888490                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    398888490                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    398888490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    398888490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    398888490                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    398888490                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst      3180256                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3180256                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst      3180256                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      3180256                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst      3180256                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      3180256                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.003135                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003135                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.003135                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003135                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.003135                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003135                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 40004.863103                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40004.863103                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 40004.863103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 40004.863103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 40004.863103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 40004.863103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         4054                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               102                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    39.745098                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets            5                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         2266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         2266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         2266                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2266                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         7705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         7705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         7705                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7705                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    300019991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    300019991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    300019991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    300019991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    300019991                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    300019991                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002423                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002423                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002423                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002423                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002423                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002423                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 38938.350552                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38938.350552                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 38938.350552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38938.350552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 38938.350552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38938.350552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          44433                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        21576                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           56                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              302                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          302                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6594269000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp               19163                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         12126                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             13407                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               3693                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              3693                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          19164                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        22857                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        44432                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count::total                   67289                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       493056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1708672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size::total                  2201728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.snoops                              3957                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus.snoopTraffic                       37120                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::samples              26814                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::mean              0.013351                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev             0.114776                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::0                    26456     98.66%     98.66% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      358      1.34%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::2                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value                1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::total                26814                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy             33762500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            11558495                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.occupancy            22730495                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6594269000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.replacements                 3957                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse             4015.465405                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  36093                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                 8053                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 4.481932                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                71500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    25.616712                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   980.673818                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  3009.174875                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.006254                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.239422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.734662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.980338                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          197                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          471                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3428                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               363069                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              363069                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6594269000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        11546                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        11546                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data           784                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total              784                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.inst         4980                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data         9084                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        14064                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst             4980                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data             9868                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               14848                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            4980                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data            9868                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              14848                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data         2909                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total           2909                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.inst         2725                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data         2375                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         5100                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst           2725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data           5284                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              8009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          2725                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data          5284                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             8009                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    258657500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    258657500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    236058000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    190567500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    426625500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    236058000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    449225000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    685283000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    236058000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data    449225000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    685283000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        11546                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        11546                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         3693                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total         3693                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.inst         7705                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data        11459                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        19164                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst         7705                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data        15152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           22857                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst         7705                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data        15152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          22857                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.787706                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.787706                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.353666                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.207261                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.266124                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.353666                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.348733                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.350396                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.353666                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.348733                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.350396                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 88916.294259                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88916.294259                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 86626.788991                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 80238.947368                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83652.058824                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 86626.788991                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 85016.086298                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85564.115370                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 86626.788991                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 85016.086298                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85564.115370                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks             580                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                  580                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::total              1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::total             1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks          229                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total          229                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         2909                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         2909                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2725                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         2374                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         5099                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data         5283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2725                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         5283                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8008                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    229567500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    229567500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    208818000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    166759500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    375577500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    208818000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    396327000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    605145000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    208818000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    396327000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    605145000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.787706                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.787706                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.353666                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.207173                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.266072                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.353666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.348667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.350352                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.353666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.348667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.350352                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 78916.294259                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78916.294259                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76630.458716                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 70244.102780                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73657.089625                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76630.458716                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 75019.307212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75567.557443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76630.458716                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 75019.307212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75567.557443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         11891                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         3884                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6594269000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               5098                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          580                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             3304                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2909                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2909                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          5098                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        19898                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::total        19898                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  19898                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       549568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::total       549568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  549568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              8007                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    8007    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                8007                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             7105500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy           21759500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
