
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.006088                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  6087859500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                 6087859500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  19087                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    33562                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                8465632                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 680088                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   719.13                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    13725981                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      24135137                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrl.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6087859500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::cpu.inst           171328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::cpu.data           337536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              508864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       171328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         171328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::writebacks        36992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            36992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::cpu.inst              2677                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::cpu.data              5274                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 7951                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::writebacks            578                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 578                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::cpu.inst            28142568                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::cpu.data            55444118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               83586686                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst       28142568                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          28142568                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::writebacks          6076356                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               6076356                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::writebacks          6076356                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::cpu.inst           28142568                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::cpu.data           55444118                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              89663042                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         7951                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         578                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       7951                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       578                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  507200                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1664                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    35264                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   508864                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 36992                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      26                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                747                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                378                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                428                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                666                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                618                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 81                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 37                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 49                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 52                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     6087753500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   7951                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   578                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     5740                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                     1513                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                      523                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                      132                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                       15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1512                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     357.375661                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    208.868363                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    351.944481                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           518     34.26%     34.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          318     21.03%     55.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          133      8.80%     64.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          111      7.34%     71.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           60      3.97%     75.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           51      3.37%     78.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           64      4.23%     83.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           46      3.04%     86.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          211     13.96%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1512                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           33                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean             239                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     120.145542                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     614.688641                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127             21     63.64%     63.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            8     24.24%     87.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            3      9.09%     96.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3711            1      3.03%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             33                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           33                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.696970                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.669708                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.983770                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                21     63.64%     63.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 2      6.06%     69.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 9     27.27%     96.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      3.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             33                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     160324750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                308918500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    39625000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      20230.25                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 38980.25                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         83.31                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          5.79                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      83.59                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       6.08                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.70                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.65                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.08                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       21.73                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      6532                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      418                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  82.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 72.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      713771.08                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     81.74                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl_0.actEnergy                   6268920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.preEnergy                   3305445                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.readEnergy                 30873360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.writeEnergy                 1028340                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.refreshEnergy          202831200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actBackEnergy             101686860                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.preBackEnergy              10636320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actPowerDownEnergy        528424200                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.prePowerDownEnergy        252877440                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.selfRefreshEnergy        1003409700                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalEnergy              2141341785                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.averagePower             351.739685                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalIdleTime            5836993500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      19816250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::REF       86220000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    4019806750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    658531250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT      144717500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   1158767750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.actEnergy                   4626720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.preEnergy                   2432595                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.readEnergy                 25711140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.writeEnergy                 1847880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.refreshEnergy          106947360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actBackEnergy              87086310                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.preBackEnergy               4952640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actPowerDownEnergy        334992420                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.prePowerDownEnergy         83952000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.selfRefreshEnergy        1198837020                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalEnergy              1851405915                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.averagePower             304.114429                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalIdleTime            5883892750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE       8207500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::REF       45420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::SREF    4930675750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    218626000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT      150297000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN    734633250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6087859500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                 3448513                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted           3448513                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect            191477                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups              2444116                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                       0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct              0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                   36957                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect               5538                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups         2444116                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits            2056009                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses           388107                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted        75693                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6087859500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     4793837                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     2071661                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                         10274                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1179                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6087859500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6087859500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2971101                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           398                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    56                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON      6087859500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                         12175720                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles            3208172                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                       21283963                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                     3448513                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches            2092966                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                       8580386                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                  385474                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  245                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          2352                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles           14                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          504                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                   2970858                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 48526                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples           11984410                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              3.173094                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             3.470297                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                  5712432     47.67%     47.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                   235947      1.97%     49.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                   669101      5.58%     55.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                   322736      2.69%     57.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                   436687      3.64%     61.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                   506756      4.23%     65.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                   545361      4.55%     70.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                   510517      4.26%     74.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                  3044873     25.41%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total             11984410                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.283229                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        1.748066                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                  2454558                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles               4233441                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                   3838024                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles               1265650                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                 192737                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts               35866134                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                 192737                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                  2913537                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                 1766985                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles           3457                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                   4599515                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles               2508179                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts               34915073                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                  3094                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents                1766903                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.LQFullEvents                 249358                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu.rename.SQFullEvents                 292340                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands            44723767                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups              93224248                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups         55594898                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups             93959                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps              31661483                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                 13062284                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                143                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts            112                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                   5509399                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads              5642555                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores             2603073                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads           1981552                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores          1229632                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                   33091801                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                 836                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                  29104718                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             78684                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         8957499                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     15950242                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            780                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      11984410                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         2.428548                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        2.150097                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0             3274725     27.32%     27.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             1428050     11.92%     39.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             1932585     16.13%     55.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             1912089     15.95%     71.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             1120795      9.35%     80.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             1003148      8.37%     89.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              795447      6.64%     95.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              336939      2.81%     98.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              180632      1.51%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total        11984410                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  224123     83.88%     83.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%     83.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     83.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   342      0.13%     84.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     84.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     84.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     84.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     84.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     84.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     84.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     84.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     84.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     84.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     84.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     84.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     84.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     84.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     84.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     84.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     84.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     84.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     84.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     84.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     84.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     84.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     84.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     84.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     84.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     84.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     84.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     84.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  35741     13.38%     97.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  5905      2.21%     99.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead               836      0.31%     99.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              259      0.10%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             89823      0.31%      0.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              21727016     74.65%     74.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               168267      0.58%     75.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 79803      0.27%     75.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd               25655      0.09%     75.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     75.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     75.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     75.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     75.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     75.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                  0      0.00%     75.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     75.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     75.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     75.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     75.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     75.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     75.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     75.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     75.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     75.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     75.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     75.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     75.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     75.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     75.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     75.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     75.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     75.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     75.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     75.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     75.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              4901646     16.84%     92.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             2091939      7.19%     99.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           11242      0.04%     99.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           9327      0.03%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total               29104718                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           2.390390                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      267206                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.009181                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           70434289                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          41982205                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     28406422                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              105447                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes              69474                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        50078                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses               29228755                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                   53346                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           874600                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1629533                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          741                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1696                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       712062                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           69                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           785                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                 192737                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                 1150305                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 61876                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            33092637                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              6446                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               5642555                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              2603073                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                344                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   7382                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 53832                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           1696                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          72079                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       162560                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts               234639                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts              28705766                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               4793304                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            398952                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                      6863083                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                  2270910                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                    2069779                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     2.357624                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                       28577672                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                      28456500                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                  22529847                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                  37938239                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       2.337151                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.593856                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts         8957924                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              56                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts            191568                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     10729330                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.249454                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.584216                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      3277161     30.54%     30.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2961655     27.60%     58.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       898793      8.38%     66.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       864720      8.06%     74.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       860123      8.02%     82.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       331082      3.09%     85.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       140963      1.31%     87.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       318608      2.97%     89.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1076225     10.03%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     10729330                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts             13725981                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps               24135137                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                        5904033                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                       4013022                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                           0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                    1979630                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.vec_insts                         0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                      45944                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                  24064739                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls                15188                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        41188      0.17%      0.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         17919737     74.25%     74.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          168001      0.70%     75.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            79634      0.33%     75.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          22544      0.09%     75.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     75.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     75.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     75.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     75.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc             0      0.00%     75.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     75.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     75.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     75.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     75.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     75.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     75.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     75.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     75.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     75.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         4004406     16.59%     92.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        1881765      7.80%     99.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         8616      0.04%     99.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite         9246      0.04%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total          24135137                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events               1076225                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                     42746166                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                    67449695                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                            2609                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                          191310                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                    13725981                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                      24135137                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               0.887056                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         0.887056                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               1.127324                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         1.127324                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                 43731572                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                24444978                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                     78600                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                    39589                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads                  17493008                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes                 12160592                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads                11888677                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6087859500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             14073                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1015.220874                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs             5769015                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             15097                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            382.129893                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            176500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1015.220874                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.991427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.991427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          368                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          349                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          219                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          11617439                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         11617439                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6087859500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data      3879842                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         3879842                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      1889173                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        1889173                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data       5769015                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total          5769015                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data      5769015                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total         5769015                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data        28442                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         28442                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data         3714                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3714                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data        32156                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          32156                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data        32156                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         32156                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1064831000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1064831000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    272995500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    272995500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   1337826500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1337826500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   1337826500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1337826500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data      3908284                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3908284                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      1892887                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1892887                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      5801171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5801171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      5801171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5801171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.007277                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007277                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001962                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001962                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005543                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005543                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005543                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005543                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 37438.682231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37438.682231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 73504.442649                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73504.442649                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 41604.257370                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 41604.257370                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 41604.257370                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 41604.257370                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        17366                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           65                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               360                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    48.238889                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    21.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        11509                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             11509                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data        17054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        17054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data        17059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        17059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data        17059                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        17059                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        11388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         3709                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3709                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        15097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        15097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        15097                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        15097                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    302279000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    302279000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    269025500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    269025500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    571304500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    571304500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    571304500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    571304500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002914                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002914                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001959                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001959                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002602                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002602                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002602                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002602                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 26543.642431                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26543.642431                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 72533.162578                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72533.162578                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 37842.253428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37842.253428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 37842.253428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37842.253428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6087859500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              6631                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           255.584030                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             2962080                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              6887                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            430.097285                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   255.584030                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.998375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           85                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses           5948595                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses          5948595                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6087859500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst      2962080                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         2962080                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst       2962080                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          2962080                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst      2962080                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         2962080                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         8774                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          8774                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         8774                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           8774                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         8774                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          8774                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    371288490                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    371288490                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    371288490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    371288490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    371288490                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    371288490                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst      2970854                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2970854                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst      2970854                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      2970854                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst      2970854                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      2970854                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002953                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002953                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002953                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002953                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002953                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002953                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 42316.901071                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42316.901071                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 42316.901071                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 42316.901071                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 42316.901071                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 42316.901071                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         3756                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                89                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    42.202247                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         1886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         1886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         1886                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1886                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         6888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         6888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         6888                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6888                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    281843490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    281843490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    281843490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    281843490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    281843490                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    281843490                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002319                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002319                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002319                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002319                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002319                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002319                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 40918.044425                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40918.044425                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 40918.044425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40918.044425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 40918.044425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40918.044425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          42689                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        20706                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           30                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              300                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          300                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6087859500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp               18275                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         12087                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             12514                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               3709                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              3709                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          18276                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        20406                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        44267                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count::total                   64673                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       440768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1702784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size::total                  2143552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.snoops                              3897                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus.snoopTraffic                       36992                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::samples              25882                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::mean              0.012827                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev             0.112532                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::0                    25550     98.72%     98.72% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      332      1.28%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::2                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value                1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::total                25882                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy             32853500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            10336987                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.occupancy            22650490                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6087859500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.replacements                 3897                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse             4014.305556                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  34430                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                 7993                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 4.307519                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                71500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    22.968470                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   956.916339                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  3034.420748                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.005608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.233622                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.740825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.980055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          204                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          464                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3428                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               349265                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              349265                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6087859500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        11509                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        11509                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data           794                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total              794                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.inst         4209                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data         9028                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        13237                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst             4209                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data             9822                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               14031                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            4209                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data            9822                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              14031                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data         2915                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total           2915                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.inst         2679                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data         2360                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         5039                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst           2679                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data           5275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              7954                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          2679                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data          5275                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             7954                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    255073500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    255073500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    227216000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    190031000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    417247000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    227216000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    445104500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    672320500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    227216000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data    445104500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    672320500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        11509                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        11509                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         3709                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total         3709                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.inst         6888                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data        11388                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        18276                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst         6888                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data        15097                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           21985                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst         6888                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data        15097                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          21985                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.785926                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.785926                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.388937                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.207236                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.275717                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.388937                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.349407                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.361792                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.388937                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.349407                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.361792                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 87503.773585                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87503.773585                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 84813.736469                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 80521.610169                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82803.532447                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 84813.736469                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        84380                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84526.087503                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 84813.736469                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        84380                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84526.087503                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks             578                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                  578                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::total              2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::total             2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks          233                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total          233                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         2915                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         2915                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2678                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         2359                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         5037                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data         5274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2678                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         5274                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7952                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    225923500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    225923500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    200360000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    166373000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    366733000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    200360000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    392296500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    592656500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    200360000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    392296500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    592656500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.785926                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.785926                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.388792                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.207148                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.275607                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.388792                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.349341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.361701                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.388792                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.349341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.361701                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 77503.773585                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77503.773585                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74817.027633                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 70526.918186                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72807.822116                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74817.027633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74383.105802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74529.237928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74817.027633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74383.105802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74529.237928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         11781                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         3830                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6087859500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               5036                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          578                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             3252                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2915                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2915                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          5036                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        19732                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::total        19732                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  19732                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       545856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::total       545856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  545856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              7951                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    7951    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                7951                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             7046500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy           21608000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
