
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000411                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   410926000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                  410926000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  19823                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    36663                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               14802316                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 659392                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    27.79                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      550300                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1017801                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrl.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    410926000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::cpu.inst            69504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::cpu.data           274432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              343936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        69504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          69504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::writebacks        14784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            14784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::cpu.inst              1086                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::cpu.data              4288                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 5374                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::writebacks            231                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 231                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::cpu.inst           169139942                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::cpu.data           667838005                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              836977947                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      169139942                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         169139942                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::writebacks         35977281                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              35977281                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::writebacks         35977281                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::cpu.inst          169139942                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::cpu.data          667838005                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             872955228                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         5374                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         231                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       5374                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       231                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  343488                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      448                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    13440                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   343936                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 14784                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                551                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 58                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 31                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 78                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 31                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                      410889000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   5374                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   231                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     3976                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                      927                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                      360                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                       99                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples          692                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     510.612717                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    323.235483                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    398.444581                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           140     20.23%     20.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          124     17.92%     38.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           84     12.14%     50.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           29      4.19%     54.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           39      5.64%     60.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           25      3.61%     63.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           25      3.61%     67.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           11      1.59%     68.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          215     31.07%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total           692                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           13                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean             407                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     137.227627                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1032.211219                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127              8     61.54%     61.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4     30.77%     92.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3712-3839            1      7.69%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             13                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           13                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.153846                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.145622                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.554700                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                12     92.31%     92.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 1      7.69%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             13                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      64505250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                165136500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    26835000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      12018.87                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30768.87                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        835.89                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         32.71                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     836.98                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      35.98                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          6.79                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      6.53                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.29                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       13.70                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      4696                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      176                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 76.19                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       73307.58                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     87.03                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl_0.actEnergy                   3091620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.preEnergy                   1620465                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.readEnergy                 22455300                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.writeEnergy                  876960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.refreshEnergy          28273440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actBackEnergy              47182890                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.preBackEnergy               1152000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actPowerDownEnergy         93591150                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.prePowerDownEnergy         12314880                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.selfRefreshEnergy          17770620                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalEnergy               228329325                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.averagePower             555.645846                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalIdleTime             304360250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE       1217500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::REF       11978000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::SREF      67141250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN     32066500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT       93328000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN    205194750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.actEnergy                   1942080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.preEnergy                   1005675                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.readEnergy                 15865080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.writeEnergy                  219240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.refreshEnergy          29502720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actBackEnergy              33044040                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.preBackEnergy               1607040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actPowerDownEnergy        108755430                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.prePowerDownEnergy         22215840                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.selfRefreshEnergy           9653940                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalEnergy               223811085                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.averagePower             544.650582                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalIdleTime             334219750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE       2617500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::REF       12486000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::SREF      37923250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN     57848500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT       61542000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN    238508750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    410926000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                  109156                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted            109156                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect              7158                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups                73833                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                       0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct              0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                    1118                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect                281                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups           73833                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits              62685                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses            11148                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted         1963                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    410926000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      135717                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                       58328                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                          1095                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           119                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    410926000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    410926000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                       87803                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           178                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    30                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON       410926000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                           821853                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles             124840                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                         767680                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                      109156                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches              63803                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                        620515                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                   14614                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  163                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           871                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          221                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                     87712                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  2734                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples             753930                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              1.887669                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             3.134227                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                   529331     70.21%     70.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                     8947      1.19%     71.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                    11339      1.50%     72.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                    15416      2.04%     74.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                     6151      0.82%     75.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                    34219      4.54%     80.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                     9603      1.27%     81.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                    19412      2.57%     84.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                   119512     15.85%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total               753930                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.132817                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        0.934084                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                   106176                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles                446210                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                    158532                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles                 35705                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                   7307                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts                1360433                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                   7307                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                   121591                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                  160832                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles           3060                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                    176985                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles                284155                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts                1327736                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                  3844                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents                  71846                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.LQFullEvents                    916                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu.rename.SQFullEvents                 207831                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands             1568735                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups               3285652                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups          1307338                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups           1053962                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps               1184010                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                   384725                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                 97                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts             72                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                    186665                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads               129039                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores               63047                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads              1716                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores            28670                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                    1272825                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                 486                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                   1207638                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              1543                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          255509                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       369079                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            306                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        753930                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         1.601791                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        2.091630                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              374714     49.70%     49.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1               87594     11.62%     61.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2               79943     10.60%     71.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3               70280      9.32%     81.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4               54486      7.23%     88.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5               25094      3.33%     91.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6               33525      4.45%     96.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7               21598      2.86%     99.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                6696      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total          753930                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                    5623     39.18%     39.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%     39.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     39.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  3727     25.97%     65.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     65.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     65.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     65.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     65.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     65.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     65.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     65.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     65.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     65.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     65.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     65.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     65.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     65.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     65.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     65.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     65.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     65.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     65.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     65.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     65.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     65.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     65.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     65.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     65.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     65.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     65.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     65.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    788      5.49%     70.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   477      3.32%     73.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              3704     25.81%     99.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               33      0.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass              3563      0.30%      0.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                687094     56.90%     57.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  763      0.06%     57.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  1495      0.12%     57.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              316835     26.24%     83.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     83.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     83.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     83.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     83.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     83.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     83.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     83.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     83.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     83.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     83.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     83.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     83.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     83.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     83.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     83.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     83.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     83.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     83.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     83.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     83.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     83.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     83.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                61781      5.12%     88.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite               15057      1.25%     89.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           76964      6.37%     96.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite          44086      3.65%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total                1207638                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           1.469409                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                       14352                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.011884                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            2142098                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           1016115                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       664096                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             1043003                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             512811                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       500087                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses                 693221                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  525206                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads             2732                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        34592                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           21                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          112                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         7992                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            9                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         18136                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                   7307                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                   96663                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                  7427                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             1273311                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               698                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                129039                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                63047                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                201                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   2693                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                  4409                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            112                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           2352                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6208                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts                 8560                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts               1192029                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                135687                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             15609                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                       194012                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                    73929                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                      58325                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     1.450416                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                        1168282                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                       1164183                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                    941399                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                   1649096                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       1.416534                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.570858                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts          255606                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             180                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts              7205                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       714971                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.423556                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.390145                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       453457     63.42%     63.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        35899      5.02%     68.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        77055     10.78%     79.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        26295      3.68%     82.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        34502      4.83%     87.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21331      2.98%     90.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        11912      1.67%     92.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         3388      0.47%     92.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        51132      7.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       714971                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts               550300                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps                1017801                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                         149502                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                         94447                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                         100                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                      63681                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.vec_insts                         0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                     498119                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                    621625                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls                  687                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         1552      0.15%      0.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu           549301     53.97%     54.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             736      0.07%     54.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             1273      0.13%     54.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         315437     30.99%     85.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     85.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     85.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     85.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     85.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     85.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     85.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     85.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     85.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     85.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead           35556      3.49%     88.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          10991      1.08%     89.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        58891      5.79%     95.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        44064      4.33%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total           1017801                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events                 51132                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                      1937246                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                     2586288                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                             749                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                           67923                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                      550300                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                       1017801                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               1.493464                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         1.493464                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.669584                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.669584                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                  1072719                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                  579497                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                   1039066                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                   455851                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads                    384664                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes                   324109                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads                  357396                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    410926000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements              7059                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           901.205015                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs              142330                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              8083                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             17.608561                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            169000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   901.205015                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.880083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.880083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          265                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          759                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            348653                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses           348653                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    410926000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data        89632                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           89632                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data        52698                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          52698                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data        142330                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           142330                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data       142330                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          142330                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data        25598                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         25598                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data         2357                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2357                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data        27955                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          27955                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data        27955                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         27955                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    897755000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    897755000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    181600499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    181600499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   1079355499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1079355499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   1079355499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1079355499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data       115230                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       115230                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data        55055                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        55055                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data       170285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total       170285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data       170285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total       170285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.222147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.222147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.042812                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.042812                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.164166                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.164166                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.164166                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.164166                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 35071.294632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35071.294632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 77047.305473                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77047.305473                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 38610.463209                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38610.463209                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 38610.463209                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38610.463209                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        21014                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          379                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              1803                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              13                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    11.655019                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    29.153846                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         5091                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              5091                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data        19868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        19868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data        19872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        19872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data        19872                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        19872                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         5730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         2353                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2353                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data         8083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         8083                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8083                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    202085500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    202085500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    179067999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    179067999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    381153499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    381153499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    381153499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    381153499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.049727                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049727                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.042739                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042739                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.047467                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047467                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.047467                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047467                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 35267.975567                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35267.975567                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 76101.997025                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76101.997025                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 47154.954720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47154.954720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 47154.954720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47154.954720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    410926000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              1212                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           249.771482                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs               85722                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1468                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             58.393733                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   249.771482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.975670                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.975670                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          120                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          136                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses            176888                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses           176888                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    410926000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst        85722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           85722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst         85722                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total            85722                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst        85722                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total           85722                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         1988                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1988                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         1988                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1988                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         1988                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1988                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    115938995                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    115938995                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    115938995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    115938995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    115938995                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    115938995                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst        87710                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        87710                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst        87710                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        87710                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst        87710                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        87710                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.022666                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022666                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.022666                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022666                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.022666                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022666                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 58319.413984                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58319.413984                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 58319.413984                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58319.413984                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 58319.413984                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58319.413984                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1239                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                30                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    41.300000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          519                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          519                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1469                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1469                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1469                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1469                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     89175495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     89175495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     89175495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     89175495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     89175495                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     89175495                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016748                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016748                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016748                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016748                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016748                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016748                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 60704.897890                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60704.897890                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 60704.897890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60704.897890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 60704.897890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60704.897890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          17823                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         8272                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           24                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              105                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          105                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    410926000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp                7198                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          5322                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              4241                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               2353                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              2353                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           7199                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         4149                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        23225                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count::total                   27374                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        93952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       843136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size::total                   937088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.snoops                              1292                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus.snoopTraffic                       14784                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::samples              10844                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::mean              0.011988                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev             0.108837                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::0                    10714     98.80%     98.80% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      130      1.20%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::2                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value                1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::total                10844                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy             14002500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.utilization                3.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.occupancy             2203497                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.occupancy            12124999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    410926000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.replacements                 1292                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse             2934.850011                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  12366                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                 5377                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.299795                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                71500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1.198100                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   646.138211                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  2287.513700                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.000293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.157749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.558475                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.716516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4085                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3442                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997314                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               147769                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              147769                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    410926000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         5091                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5091                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data            31                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total               31                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.inst          382                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data         3764                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         4146                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst              382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data             3795                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                4177                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst             382                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data            3795                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               4177                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data         2322                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total           2322                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.inst         1087                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data         1966                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3053                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst           1087                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data           4288                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              5375                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          1087                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data          4288                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             5375                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    175191500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    175191500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     82923000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    152681500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    235604500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     82923000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    327873000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    410796000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     82923000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data    327873000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    410796000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         5091                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5091                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         2353                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2353                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.inst         1469                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data         5730                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         7199                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst         1469                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data         8083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total            9552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst         1469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data         8083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total           9552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.986825                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.986825                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.739959                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.343106                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.424087                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.739959                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.530496                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.562709                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.739959                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.530496                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.562709                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 75448.535745                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75448.535745                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76286.108556                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 77660.986775                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77171.470685                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76286.108556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 76462.919776                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76427.162791                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76286.108556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 76462.919776                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76427.162791                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks             231                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                  231                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           55                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total           55                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         2322                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         2322                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1087                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         1966                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         3053                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data         4288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1087                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         4288                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5375                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    151971500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    151971500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     72063000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    133021500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    205084500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     72063000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    284993000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    357056000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     72063000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    284993000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    357056000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.986825                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.986825                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.739959                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.343106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.424087                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.739959                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.530496                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.562709                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.739959                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.530496                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.562709                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 65448.535745                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65448.535745                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66295.308188                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 67660.986775                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67174.746151                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66295.308188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 66462.919776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66429.023256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66295.308188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 66462.919776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66429.023256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          6616                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         1243                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    410926000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               3052                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          231                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1011                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2322                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2322                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          3052                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        11990                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::total        11990                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  11990                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       358720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::total       358720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  358720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              5374                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    5374    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                5374                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             3770000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy           14638500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              3.6                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
