
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000413                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   413137500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                  413137500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  18772                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    34719                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               14092808                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 661440                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    29.32                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      550300                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1017801                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrl.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    413137500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::cpu.inst            70336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::cpu.data           274304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              344640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        70336                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          70336                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::writebacks        14656                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            14656                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::cpu.inst              1099                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::cpu.data              4286                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 5385                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::writebacks            229                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 229                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::cpu.inst           170248404                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::cpu.data           663953284                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              834201688                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      170248404                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         170248404                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::writebacks         35474872                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              35474872                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::writebacks         35474872                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::cpu.inst          170248404                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::cpu.data          663953284                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             869676560                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         5385                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         229                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       5385                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       229                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  344256                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      384                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    13312                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   344640                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 14656                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       6                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                443                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 55                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 30                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 83                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 27                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                      412938500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   5385                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   229                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     3971                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                      956                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                      339                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                      104                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples          704                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     504.454545                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    317.694430                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    398.001463                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           143     20.31%     20.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          132     18.75%     39.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           76     10.80%     49.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           40      5.68%     55.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           35      4.97%     60.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           26      3.69%     64.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           24      3.41%     67.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           14      1.99%     69.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          214     30.40%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total           704                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           13                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      411.230769                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     145.477464                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1001.471597                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127              8     61.54%     61.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            2     15.38%     76.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            2     15.38%     92.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3712-3839            1      7.69%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             13                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           13                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean              16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                13    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             13                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      66653250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                167509500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    26895000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      12391.38                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 31141.38                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        833.27                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         32.22                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     834.20                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      35.47                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          6.76                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      6.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.29                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       14.42                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      4701                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      174                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  87.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 75.98                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       73555.13                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.93                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl_0.actEnergy                   3170160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.preEnergy                   1681185                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.readEnergy                 22476720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.writeEnergy                  876960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.refreshEnergy          31346640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actBackEnergy              52486740                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.preBackEnergy               1403520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actPowerDownEnergy         95799900                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.prePowerDownEnergy         15211680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.selfRefreshEnergy          12931860                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalEnergy               237385365                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.averagePower             574.591667                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalIdleTime             294346250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE       1571500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::REF       13284000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::SREF      44678000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN     39614750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT      103893500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN    210095750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.actEnergy                   1913520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.preEnergy                    990495                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.readEnergy                 15929340                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.writeEnergy                  208800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.refreshEnergy          29502720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actBackEnergy              33107880                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.preBackEnergy               1649760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actPowerDownEnergy        109584780                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.prePowerDownEnergy         18960000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.selfRefreshEnergy          12274980                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalEnergy               224122275                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.averagePower             542.488336                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalIdleTime             336050750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE       2770500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::REF       12498000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::SREF      46543500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN     49379000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT       61595500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN    240351000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    413137500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                  108303                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted            108303                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect              6651                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups                71971                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                       0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct              0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                    1261                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect                355                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups           71971                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits              60521                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses            11450                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted         2178                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    413137500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      127187                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                       59625                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                          1126                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           113                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    413137500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    413137500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                       86841                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           259                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    30                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON       413137500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                           826276                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles             123918                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                         754833                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                      108303                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches              61782                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                        623372                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                   13538                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  182                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          2157                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          233                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                     86668                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  2570                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples             756644                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              1.850565                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             3.106379                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                   533235     70.47%     70.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                     8337      1.10%     71.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                    14364      1.90%     73.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                    17567      2.32%     75.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                     5753      0.76%     76.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                    29330      3.88%     80.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                    11341      1.50%     81.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                    20991      2.77%     84.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                   115726     15.29%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total               756644                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.131074                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        0.913536                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                   109744                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles                452140                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                    144362                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles                 43629                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                   6769                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts                1342046                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                   6769                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                   127515                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                  155643                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles           2567                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                    168725                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles                295425                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts                1313214                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                  1977                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents                  70067                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.LQFullEvents                    352                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu.rename.SQFullEvents                 220253                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands             1543232                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups               3248230                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups          1287406                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups           1047912                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps               1184010                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                   359222                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                 91                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts             64                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                    217790                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads               128711                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores               63811                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads              2189                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores            29190                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                    1262779                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                 387                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                   1197143                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              1667                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          245364                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       333897                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            207                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        756644                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         1.582175                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        2.041023                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              373085     49.31%     49.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1               88582     11.71%     61.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2               80177     10.60%     71.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3               75893     10.03%     81.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4               57632      7.62%     89.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5               28989      3.83%     93.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6               29560      3.91%     97.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7               14113      1.87%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                8613      1.14%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total          756644                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                    6098     49.64%     49.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%     49.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     49.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  3732     30.38%     80.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     80.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     80.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     80.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     80.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     80.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     80.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     80.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     80.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     80.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     80.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     80.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     80.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     80.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     80.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     80.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     80.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     80.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     80.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     80.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     80.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     80.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     80.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     80.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     80.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     80.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     80.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     80.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    749      6.10%     86.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   433      3.52%     89.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              1242     10.11%     99.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               31      0.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass              3844      0.32%      0.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                683533     57.10%     57.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  767      0.06%     57.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  1358      0.11%     57.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              317051     26.48%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                61903      5.17%     89.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite               16278      1.36%     90.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           68329      5.71%     96.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite          44080      3.68%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total                1197143                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           1.448842                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                       12285                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.010262                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            2141214                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes            998675                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       664361                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             1023668                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             509909                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       500342                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses                 691273                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  514311                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads             3047                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        34264                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           27                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           69                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8756                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            7                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         10056                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                   6769                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                   98783                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                  7925                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             1263166                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               304                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                128711                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                63811                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                165                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   2642                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                  4936                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             69                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           2016                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6233                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts                 8249                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts               1183205                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                127152                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             13938                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                       186773                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                    74786                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                      59621                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     1.431973                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                        1168582                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                       1164703                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                    938632                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                   1624502                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       1.409581                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.577797                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts          245446                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             180                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts              6720                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       719355                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.414880                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.364469                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       450708     62.65%     62.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        42472      5.90%     68.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        76858     10.68%     79.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        26373      3.67%     82.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        42644      5.93%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        14407      2.00%     90.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        11896      1.65%     92.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         3469      0.48%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        50528      7.02%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       719355                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts               550300                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps                1017801                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                         149502                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                         94447                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                         100                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                      63681                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.vec_insts                         0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                     498119                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                    621625                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls                  687                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         1552      0.15%      0.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu           549301     53.97%     54.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             736      0.07%     54.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             1273      0.13%     54.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         315437     30.99%     85.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     85.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     85.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     85.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     85.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     85.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     85.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     85.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     85.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     85.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead           35556      3.49%     88.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          10991      1.08%     89.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        58891      5.79%     95.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        44064      4.33%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total           1017801                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events                 50528                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                      1932074                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                     2564205                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                             733                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                           69632                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                      550300                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                       1017801                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               1.501501                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         1.501501                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.666000                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.666000                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                  1058254                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                  577362                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                   1039632                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                   455915                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads                    387725                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes                   323546                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads                  350724                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    413137500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements              7038                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           901.778172                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs              141855                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              8062                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             17.595510                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            169000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   901.778172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.880643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.880643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          235                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          789                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            347362                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses           347362                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    413137500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data        89160                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           89160                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data        52694                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          52694                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data        141854                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           141854                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data       141854                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          141854                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data        25435                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         25435                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data         2361                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2361                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data        27796                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          27796                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data        27796                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         27796                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    882272500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    882272500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    181574999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    181574999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   1063847499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1063847499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   1063847499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1063847499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data       114595                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       114595                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data        55055                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        55055                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data       169650                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total       169650                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data       169650                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total       169650                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.221956                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.221956                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.042884                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.042884                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.163843                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.163843                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.163843                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.163843                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 34687.340279                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34687.340279                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 76905.971622                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76905.971622                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 38273.402612                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38273.402612                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 38273.402612                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38273.402612                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        22255                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          116                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              1829                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    12.167851                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    38.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         5076                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              5076                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data        19729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        19729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data        19733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        19733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data        19733                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        19733                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         5706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         2357                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2357                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data         8063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         8063                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8063                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    202286000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    202286000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    179038999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    179038999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    381324999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    381324999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    381324999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    381324999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.049793                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049793                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.042812                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042812                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.047527                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047527                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.047527                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047527                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 35451.454609                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35451.454609                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 75960.542639                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75960.542639                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 47293.190996                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47293.190996                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 47293.190996                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47293.190996                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    413137500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              1214                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           249.889145                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs               84646                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1470                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             57.582313                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   249.889145                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.976129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.976129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses            174803                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses           174803                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    413137500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst        84646                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           84646                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst         84646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total            84646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst        84646                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total           84646                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         2020                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          2020                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         2020                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           2020                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         2020                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          2020                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    120757493                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    120757493                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    120757493                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    120757493                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    120757493                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    120757493                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst        86666                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        86666                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst        86666                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        86666                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst        86666                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        86666                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.023308                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.023308                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.023308                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.023308                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.023308                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.023308                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 59780.937129                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59780.937129                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 59780.937129                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59780.937129                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 59780.937129                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59780.937129                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1898                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                33                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    57.515152                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          548                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          548                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1472                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1472                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     91285993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     91285993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     91285993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     91285993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     91285993                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     91285993                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016985                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016985                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016985                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016985                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016985                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016985                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 62014.940897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62014.940897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 62014.940897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62014.940897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 62014.940897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62014.940897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          17787                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         8254                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           11                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              105                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          105                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    413137500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp                7177                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          5305                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              4251                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                 1                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               2356                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              2356                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           7178                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         4156                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        23164                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count::total                   27320                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        94080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       840832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size::total                   934912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.snoops                              1305                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus.snoopTraffic                       14720                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::samples              10839                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::mean              0.010887                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev             0.103774                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::0                    10721     98.91%     98.91% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      118      1.09%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::2                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value                1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::total                10839                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy             13969500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.utilization                3.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.occupancy             2207498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.occupancy            12093999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.utilization               2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    413137500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.replacements                 1304                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse             2939.090548                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  12332                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                 5388                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.288790                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                71500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1.211318                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   648.000407                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  2289.878822                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.000296                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.158203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.559052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.717551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4084                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          478                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3472                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               147604                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              147604                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    413137500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         5076                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5076                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data            32                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total               32                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.inst          371                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data         3744                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         4115                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst              371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data             3776                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                4147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst             371                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data            3776                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               4147                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data         2324                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total           2324                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.inst         1100                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data         1962                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3062                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst           1100                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data           4286                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              5386                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          1100                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data          4286                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             5386                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    175135500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    175135500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     85157000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    153386500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    238543500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     85157000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    328522000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    413679000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     85157000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data    328522000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    413679000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         5076                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5076                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         2356                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2356                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.inst         1471                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data         5706                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         7177                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst         1471                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data         8062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total            9533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst         1471                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data         8062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total           9533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.986418                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.986418                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.747791                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.343849                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.426641                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.747791                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.531630                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.564985                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.747791                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.531630                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.564985                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 75359.509466                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75359.509466                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77415.454545                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 78178.644241                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77904.474200                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77415.454545                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 76650.023332                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76806.349796                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77415.454545                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 76650.023332                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76806.349796                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks             229                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                  229                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           56                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total           56                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         2324                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         2324                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1100                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         1962                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         3062                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data         4286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1100                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         4286                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5386                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    151895500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    151895500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     74167000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    133766500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    207933500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     74167000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    285662000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    359829000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     74167000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    285662000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    359829000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.986418                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.986418                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.747791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.343849                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.426641                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.747791                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.531630                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.564985                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.747791                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.531630                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.564985                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 65359.509466                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65359.509466                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67424.545455                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 68178.644241                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67907.740039                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67424.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 66650.023332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66808.206461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67424.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 66650.023332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66808.206461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          6640                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         1256                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    413137500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               3061                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          229                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1026                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2324                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2324                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          3061                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        12025                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::total        12025                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  12025                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       359296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::total       359296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  359296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              5385                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    5385    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                5385                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             3778000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy           14673500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              3.6                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
