
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000425                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   424784000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                  424784000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  19025                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    35187                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               14685429                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 659392                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    28.93                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      550300                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1017801                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrl.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    424784000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::cpu.inst            66752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::cpu.data           274560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              341312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        66752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          66752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::writebacks        14464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            14464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::cpu.inst              1043                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::cpu.data              4290                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 5333                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::writebacks            226                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 226                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::cpu.inst           157143395                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::cpu.data           646352028                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              803495424                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      157143395                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         157143395                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::writebacks         34050247                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              34050247                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::writebacks         34050247                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::cpu.inst          157143395                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::cpu.data          646352028                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             837545670                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         5333                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         226                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       5333                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       226                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  341056                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    13376                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   341312                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 14464                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       4                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 55                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 30                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 85                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                      424692000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   5333                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   226                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     4020                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                      887                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                      321                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                       92                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples          708                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     497.627119                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    311.707805                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    397.122631                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           146     20.62%     20.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          133     18.79%     39.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           76     10.73%     50.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           41      5.79%     55.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           37      5.23%     61.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           28      3.95%     65.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           21      2.97%     68.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           16      2.26%     70.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          210     29.66%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total           708                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           13                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      408.923077                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     145.653580                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1009.979081                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127              7     53.85%     53.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4     30.77%     84.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      7.69%     92.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3712-3839            1      7.69%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             13                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           13                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.076923                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.074789                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.277350                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                12     92.31%     92.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      7.69%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             13                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      67254500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                167173250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    26645000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      12620.47                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 31370.47                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        802.89                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         31.49                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     803.50                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      34.05                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          6.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      6.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.28                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       13.14                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      4645                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      176                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  87.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 77.88                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       76397.19                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.79                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl_0.actEnergy                   3198720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.preEnergy                   1692570                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.readEnergy                 22326780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.writeEnergy                  887400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.refreshEnergy          31961280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actBackEnergy              50578950                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.preBackEnergy               1208160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actPowerDownEnergy        105091470                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.prePowerDownEnergy         15065760                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.selfRefreshEnergy          11502120                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalEnergy               243513210                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.averagePower             573.263612                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalIdleTime             310618750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE       1235500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::REF       13538000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::SREF      41022500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN     39230750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT       99349750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN    230407500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.actEnergy                   1920660                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.preEnergy                    994290                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.readEnergy                 15722280                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.writeEnergy                  203580                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.refreshEnergy          30732000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actBackEnergy              37370340                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.preBackEnergy               1866240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actPowerDownEnergy        107874780                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.prePowerDownEnergy         19581120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.selfRefreshEnergy          13755720                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalEnergy               230021010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.averagePower             541.501116                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalIdleTime             337777000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE       3325500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::REF       13018000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::SREF      50411250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN     50988250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT       70513250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN    236527750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    424784000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                  122997                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted            122997                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect              8149                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups               106852                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                       0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct              0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                    2161                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect                426                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups          106852                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits              63347                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses            43505                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted         4364                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    424784000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      142759                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                       58914                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                          1843                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           113                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    424784000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    424784000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                       93912                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           145                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    30                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON       424784000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                           849569                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles             131091                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                         818465                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                      122997                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches              65508                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                        638060                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                   16578                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.TlbCycles                        161                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                   47                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           444                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          109                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                     93852                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  2740                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples             778214                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              1.954430                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             3.173887                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                   539786     69.36%     69.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                     8994      1.16%     70.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                    11435      1.47%     71.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                    15557      2.00%     73.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                     6466      0.83%     74.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                    36401      4.68%     79.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                    10775      1.38%     80.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                    20489      2.63%     83.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                   128311     16.49%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total               778214                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.144776                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        0.963388                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                   110110                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles                454741                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                    168611                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles                 36463                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                   8289                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts                1443216                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                   8289                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                   126185                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                  170083                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles           2983                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                    187005                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles                283669                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts                1405273                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                  3338                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents                  72283                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.LQFullEvents                    547                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu.rename.SQFullEvents                 207506                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands             1666807                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups               3493454                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups          1415190                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups           1055197                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps               1184010                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                   482797                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                 93                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts             66                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                    189020                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads               138358                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores               64171                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads              1549                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores            29452                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                    1338266                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                 421                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                   1254236                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              2223                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          320885                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       461661                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            241                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        778214                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         1.611685                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        2.112065                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              389602     50.06%     50.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1               87606     11.26%     61.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2               81205     10.43%     71.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3               70835      9.10%     80.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4               56217      7.22%     88.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5               27296      3.51%     91.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6               35475      4.56%     96.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7               22307      2.87%     99.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                7671      0.99%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total          778214                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                    7202     44.95%     44.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%     44.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     44.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  3725     23.25%     68.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     68.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     68.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     68.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     68.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     68.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     68.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     68.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     68.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     68.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     68.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     68.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     68.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     68.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     68.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     68.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     68.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     68.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     68.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     68.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     68.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     68.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     68.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     68.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     68.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     68.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    927      5.79%     73.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   465      2.90%     76.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              3671     22.91%     99.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               33      0.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass              3666      0.29%      0.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                724999     57.80%     58.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  755      0.06%     58.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  1347      0.11%     58.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              317114     25.28%     83.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     83.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     83.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     83.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     83.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     83.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     83.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     83.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     83.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     83.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     83.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     83.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     83.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     83.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     83.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     83.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     83.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     83.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     83.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     83.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     83.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     83.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     83.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                69451      5.54%     89.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite               15737      1.25%     90.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           77074      6.15%     96.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite          44093      3.52%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total                1254236                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           1.476320                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                       16023                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.012775                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            2261243                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           1145691                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       704374                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             1043689                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             513993                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       500497                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses                 741066                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  525527                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads             2684                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        43911                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           19                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          123                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9116                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            3                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         17942                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                   8289                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                  105158                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                  8669                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             1338687                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               776                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                138358                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                64171                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                175                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   2693                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                  5577                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            123                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           2413                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7882                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts                10295                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts               1235401                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                142714                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             18835                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                       201626                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                    77262                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                      58912                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     1.454150                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                        1210624                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                       1204871                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                    973484                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                   1697916                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       1.418214                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.573340                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts          320945                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             180                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts              8186                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       730235                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.393799                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.354686                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       464978     63.68%     63.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        37828      5.18%     68.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        77784     10.65%     79.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        27558      3.77%     83.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        35619      4.88%     88.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21577      2.95%     91.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12229      1.67%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         3300      0.45%     93.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        49362      6.76%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       730235                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts               550300                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps                1017801                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                         149502                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                         94447                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                         100                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                      63681                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.vec_insts                         0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                     498119                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                    621625                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls                  687                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         1552      0.15%      0.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu           549301     53.97%     54.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             736      0.07%     54.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             1273      0.13%     54.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         315437     30.99%     85.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     85.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     85.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     85.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     85.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     85.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     85.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     85.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     85.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     85.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead           35556      3.49%     88.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite          10991      1.08%     89.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        58891      5.79%     95.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        44064      4.33%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total           1017801                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events                 49362                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                      2019619                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                     2726021                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                             750                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                           71355                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                      550300                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                       1017801                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               1.543829                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         1.543829                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.647740                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.647740                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                  1120746                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                  616024                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                   1039749                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                   456227                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads                    405369                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes                   337295                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads                  376904                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    424784000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements              7057                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           904.034413                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs              148100                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              8081                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             18.326940                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            169000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   904.034413                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.882846                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.882846                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          228                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          796                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            361725                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses           361725                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    424784000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data        95403                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           95403                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data        52697                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          52697                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data        148100                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           148100                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data       148100                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          148100                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data        26364                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         26364                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data         2358                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2358                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data        28722                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          28722                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data        28722                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         28722                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    945075500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    945075500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    180829499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    180829499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   1125904999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1125904999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   1125904999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1125904999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data       121767                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121767                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data        55055                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        55055                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data       176822                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total       176822                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data       176822                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total       176822                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.216512                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.216512                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.042830                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.042830                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.162435                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.162435                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.162435                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.162435                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 35847.196935                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35847.196935                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 76687.658609                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76687.658609                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 39200.090488                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39200.090488                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 39200.090488                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39200.090488                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        21066                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          627                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              1782                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              17                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    11.821549                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    36.882353                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         5090                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              5090                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data        20635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data        20641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data        20641                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20641                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         5729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         2352                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2352                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data         8081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         8081                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8081                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    204636000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    204636000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    178197999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    178197999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    382833999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    382833999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    382833999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    382833999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.047049                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047049                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.042721                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042721                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.045701                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045701                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.045701                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045701                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 35719.322744                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35719.322744                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 75764.455357                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75764.455357                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 47374.582230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47374.582230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 47374.582230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47374.582230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    424784000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              1131                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           249.176492                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs               92033                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1387                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             66.354001                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   249.176492                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.973346                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.973346                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          115                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses            189091                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses           189091                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    424784000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst        92033                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           92033                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst         92033                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total            92033                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst        92033                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total           92033                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         1819                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1819                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         1819                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1819                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         1819                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1819                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    111109998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    111109998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    111109998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    111109998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    111109998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    111109998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst        93852                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        93852                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst        93852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        93852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst        93852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        93852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.019382                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019382                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.019382                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019382                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.019382                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019382                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 61083.011545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61083.011545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 61083.011545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61083.011545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 61083.011545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61083.011545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          808                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                19                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    42.526316                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          432                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          432                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1387                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1387                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     87077998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     87077998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     87077998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     87077998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     87077998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     87077998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014779                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014779                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014779                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014779                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014779                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014779                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 62781.541456                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62781.541456                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 62781.541456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62781.541456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 62781.541456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62781.541456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          17656                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         8188                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           13                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              117                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          117                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    424784000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp                7116                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          5316                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              4128                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               2352                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              2352                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           7116                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         3905                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        23219                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count::total                   27124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        88768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       842944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size::total                   931712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.snoops                              1256                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus.snoopTraffic                       14464                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::samples              10724                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::mean              0.012122                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev             0.109437                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::0                    10594     98.79%     98.79% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      130      1.21%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::2                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value                1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::total                10724                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy             13918000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.utilization                3.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.occupancy             2081498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.occupancy            12121999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.utilization               2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    424784000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.replacements                 1256                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse             2902.471062                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  12248                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                 5336                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.295352                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                71500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1.221191                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   619.721338                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  2281.528533                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.000298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.151299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.557014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.708611                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4080                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          137                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          499                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3444                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               146480                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              146480                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    424784000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         5090                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5090                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data            36                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total               36                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.inst          344                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data         3755                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         4099                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst              344                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data             3791                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                4135                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst             344                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data            3791                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               4135                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data         2316                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total           2316                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.inst         1043                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data         1974                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3017                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst           1043                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data           4290                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              5333                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          1043                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data          4290                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             5333                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    174272000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    174272000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     81357500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    155347500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    236705000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     81357500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    329619500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    410977000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     81357500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data    329619500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    410977000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         5090                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5090                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         2352                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2352                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.inst         1387                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data         5729                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         7116                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst         1387                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data         8081                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total            9468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst         1387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data         8081                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total           9468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.984694                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.984694                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.751983                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.344563                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.423974                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.751983                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.530875                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.563266                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.751983                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.530875                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.563266                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 75246.977547                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75246.977547                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78003.355705                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 78696.808511                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78457.076566                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78003.355705                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 76834.382284                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77063.003938                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78003.355705                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 76834.382284                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77063.003938                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks             226                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                  226                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           59                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total           59                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         2316                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         2316                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1043                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         1974                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         3017                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data         4290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1043                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         4290                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5333                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    151112000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    151112000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     70927500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    135607500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    206535000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     70927500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    286719500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    357647000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     70927500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    286719500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    357647000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.984694                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.984694                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.751983                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.344563                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.423974                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.751983                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.530875                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.563266                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.751983                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.530875                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.563266                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 65246.977547                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65246.977547                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 68003.355705                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 68696.808511                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68457.076566                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 68003.355705                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 66834.382284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67063.003938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 68003.355705                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 66834.382284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67063.003938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          6531                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         1198                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    424784000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               3017                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          226                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              972                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2316                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2316                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          3017                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        11864                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::total        11864                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  11864                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       355776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::total       355776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  355776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              5333                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    5333    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                5333                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             3717500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy           14524750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              3.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
